# Quantum youtube channels

* bqb Quantum Youth
https://www.youtube.com/@bqbQuantumYouth-pp5jz
* MIT OpenCourseWare 
https://www.youtube.com/c/mitocw
* Qiskit
https://www.youtube.com/c/qiskit
* QCTheory
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7sYNEghzLpj6_xBoXdE_JQ
* UCL Quantum Science and Technology Institute  
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuw7eoi7mRyXH6ItWfBSkLg
* Physics World 
https://www.youtube.com/c/PhysicsWorldTV
* Quanta Magazine 
https://www.youtube.com/c/QuantaScienceChannel
* The Quantum Insider 
https://www.youtube.com/c/TheQuantumInsider
* Simons Institute 
https://www.youtube.com/c/SimonsInstituteTOC
* Princeton Center for Complex Materials - PCCM 
https://www.youtube.com/c/PrincetonCenterforComplexMaterialsPCCM
* QuTech Academy 
https://www.youtube.com/c/QuTechAcademy
* Center for Quantum Networks 
https://www.youtube.com/@centerforquantumnetworks
* Munich Center for Quantum Science & Technology 
https://www.youtube.com/c/MunichCenterforQuantumScienceTechnologyMCQST
* Google Quantum AI 
https://www.youtube.com/c/QuantumAI
* John Preskill's lectures 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeq4xfwNE6eDK3k1vTfZK8g/featured
* Quantum ML 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVROlDxzfRrlRexJvvCuQeg
* Berkley's Quantum Computation course 
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL74Rel4IAsETUwZS_Se_P-fSEyEVQwni7
* QCHS - Quantum Computing Hardware and Software School 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMDdhgM-V3oarFDfz2-sl8Q/playlists
* Classiq Technologies 
https://www.youtube.com/c/ClassiqTechnologies
* Domain of Science (Quantum Physics series) 
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLOYRlicwLG3T3mQYvpemGPzQLu8FYtW3l
* Josh's Channel 
https://www.youtube.com/c/JoshsChannelUrl
* Fermilab 
https://www.youtube.com/c/fermilab
* Sydney Quantum Academy 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGHSNYx9HVpOEHXyULLMxpw
* Riverlane
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLsSWTktsqRRCS8t9OTiRtg
* Girls in Quantum
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1c1lBkQZkuR8kdrAC6nCpg
* BSS Physics School
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC37kYds7QwN8w9vPBPkdVxA
* Quantum Grad
https://www.youtube.com/@quantumgrad4896/videos
* BANSOUVideo Quantum
https://www.youtube.com/@bansouvideoquantum2358
* QC Ware
https://www.youtube.com/@QCWare
* The Quantum Enigmas
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtn704u3JW-J3yBVF7WVPHXCb4vkhmem9
* BQB Stream
https://www.youtube.com/@bqb.stream
* Parth G
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLOlz9q28K2e4Yn2ZqbYI__dYqw5nQ9DST&si=57F_gYbr5ABuP1Sx
* Byron Bay Quantum Computing Workshop
https://www.youtube.com/@byronbayquantumcomputingwo1746
* Qiskit Fall Fest en Espa√±ol (spanish content)
https://www.youtube.com/@QiskitFallFestSpanish/streams
* Institute for Pure & Applied Mathematics (IPAM)
https://www.youtube.com/@IPAMUCLA
* Institute for Robust Quantum Simulation
https://www.youtube.com/@instituteforrobustquantums7668
* Centre for AMO Physics at University of Warsaw
https://www.youtube.com/@CAMOP_UW
* PsiQuantum
https://www.youtube.com/@PsiQuantum
* Zapata AI
https://www.youtube.com/@ZapataAI
